Update README (#6)
giantswarm/kyverno-policy-operator: README.md

[![CircleCI](https://dl.circleci.com/status-badge/img/gh/giantswarm/kyverno-policy-operator/tree/main.svg?style=svg)](https://dl.circleci.com/status-badge/redirect/gh/giantswarm/kyverno-policy-operator/tree/main)

[Read me after cloning this template (GS staff only)](https://handbook.giantswarm.io/docs/dev-and-releng/app-developer-processes/adding_app_to_appcatalog/)

# kyverno-policy-operator chart

Giant Swarm offers a kyverno-policy-operator App which can be installed in workload clusters.
Here we define the kyverno-policy-operator chart with its templates and default configuration.

> Kyverno Policy Operator reconciles the GiantSwarm PolicyException instances and creates the necessary Kyverno PolicyExceptions objects.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Kyverno Policy Operator reconciles the Giant Swarm PolicyException instances and creates the necessary Kyverno PolicyExceptions objects.
```

> A GiantSwarm PolicyException consists of a list of Policies and Targets to be excluded from the Kyverno Policy Engine. Having a GiantSwarm PolicyException will ensure that workloads targeted by that policy won't be blocked during Admission time by Kyverno.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A Giant Swarm PolicyException consists of a list of Policies and Targets to be excluded from the Kyverno Policy Engine. Having a Giant Swarm PolicyException will ensure that workloads targeted by that policy won't be blocked during Admission time by Kyverno.
```

> ### Sample GiantSwarm PolicyException:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Sample Giant Swarm PolicyException:
```

> In some cases, it may be necessary to exempt specific resources from the enforcement of Kyverno policies, such as `disallow-privilege-escalation` and `require-run-as-nonroot`. To achieve this, you can create a GiantSwarm PolicyException. Below is an example of how to exclude the `my-custom-operator` Deployment in the `default` namespace from these policies:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In some cases, it may be necessary to exempt specific resources from the enforcement of Kyverno policies, such as `disallow-privilege-escalation` and `require-run-as-nonroot`. To achieve this, you can create a Giant Swarm PolicyException. Below is an example of how to exclude the `my-custom-operator` Deployment in the `default` namespace from these policies:
```
